---
title: Code of Conduct
seo_title: Hack and Tell Rocks Code of Conduct
---

All events organized by Hack and Tell Rocks are open to everyone regardless of
race, nationality, religious beliefs, disability, sex, gender identity or
expression, sexual orientation, physical appearance, age, or body size.

Hack and Tell Rocks is dedicated to providing a harassment-free community for
everyone, regardless of race, nationality, religious beliefs, disability, sex,
gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, physical appearance, age, or
body size. We do not tolerate harassment of community members in any form.
Participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the
community at the discretion of the Hack and Tell Rocks organizers.

Harassment includes offensive verbal or written comments related to sex, gender
identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance,
age, body size, race, nationality, or religious beliefs, deliberate
intimidation, threats, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording,
sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact,
and unwelcome sexual attention. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate
for any Hack and Tell Rocks communication channel. Community members asked to
stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately. Sponsors and
presenters are also subject to the anti-harassment policy.

If a community member engages in harassing behavior, the Hack and Tell Rocks
organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the
offender or expulsion from the Hack and Tell Rocks community. If you are being
harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other
concerns, please contact a Hack and Tell Rocks organizer immediately.

If you have questions or feedback about this Code of Conduct please contact one
of the organizers.

Hack and Tell Rocks organizers developed this Code of Conduct to govern all
Hack and Tell Rocks events and communication channels. This Code of Conduct is
licensed under the Creative Commons Zero license.

[Original Source](https://geekfeminism.fandom.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Policy)

